{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f2\fnil Consolas;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10587}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\b\f0\fs44\lang9 Welcome to Llilum 1.0\par
\b0\fs22 Llilum is goverend by the MIT License\par
 (see full text below)\par
\b\fs28 Additional components:\b0\fs22\par
Llilum incorporates the following additional\par
components goverend by their own terms:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl240\slmult1 LLVM libraries and tools\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 University of Illinois Open Source License (See full text below)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl240\slmult1 ARM mBed Headers and libraries\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Apache 2.0 (See reference below)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl240\slmult1 LWIP netowrking stack\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Swedish Institute of Computer Science Lic. (See full bext below)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl240\slmult1 pyOCD mbed CMSIS-DAP Debugger\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Apache 2.0 (See reference Below)\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\f1\fs19\lang1033 ---------------------------------------\f2\lang9\par
\b\fs32 The MIT License (MIT)\par
\b0\fs19 Copyright (c) 2015 Microsoft\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 deal\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 furnished to do so, subject to the following \f1\lang1033 c\f2\lang9 onditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 all copies or substantial portions of the\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 FROM,\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\f1\lang1033  \f2\lang9 THE SOFTWARE.\par
\f1\lang1033 ---------------------------------------\cf0\highlight0\f0\fs22\lang9\par
==============================================================\par
LLVM Release License\par
==============================================================\par
University of Illinois/NCSA\par
Open Source License\par
Copyright (c) 2003-2015 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed by:\par
    LLVM Team\par
    University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://llvm.org }}{\fldrslt{http://llvm.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific prior written permission.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE.\par
==============================================================\par
Copyrights and Licenses for Third Party Software Distributed with LLVM:\par
==============================================================\par
The LLVM software contains code written by third parties.  Such software will have its own individual LICENSE.TXT file in the directory in which it appears. This file will describe the copyrights, license, and restrictions which apply to that code.\par
The disclaimer of warranty in the University of Illinois Open Source License applies to all code in the LLVM Distribution, and nothing in any of the other licenses gives permission to use the names of the LLVM Team or the University of Illinois to endorse or promote products derived from this Software.\par
The following pieces of software have additional or alternate copyrights, licenses, and/or restrictions:\par
\ul Program                      Directory\par
\ulnone Autoconf                     llvm/autoconf\par
                                      llvm/projects/ModuleMaker/autoconf\par
Google Test                 llvm/utils/unittest/googletest\par
OpenBSD regex          llvm/lib/Support/\{reg*, COPYRIGHT.regex\}\par
pyyaml tests               llvm/test/YAMLParser/\{*.data, LICENSE.TXT\}\par
ARM contributions    llvm/lib/Target/ARM/LICENSE.TXT\par
md5 contributions     llvm/lib/Support/MD5.cpp llvm/include/llvm/Support/MD5.h\par
\cf1\highlight2\f1\fs19\lang1033 ---------------------------------------\cf0\highlight0\f0\fs22\lang9\par
LwIP License\par
Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.\par
All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\cf1\highlight2\f1\fs19\lang1033 ---------------------------------------\par
mbed Microcontroller Library\par
Copyright (c) 2006-2013 ARM Limited\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
    {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs19\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License. \par
---------------------------------------\par
mbed CMSIS-DAP debugger\par
Copyright (c) 2015 ARM Limited\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
     {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs19\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.\cf0\highlight0\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\cf1\highlight2\f1\fs19\lang1033 ---------------------------------------\par
\cf0\highlight0\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 